It's a sin, you died without a burial place
Zhao Min, are you guilty of Hu Ren?
I worked hard to take care of those two old trash for ten years
You come back and treat me like this
You have to die
What is the result of the investigation of the surname Wang?
Over the years
A total of 300,000
All were occupied by Zhao Min
No obligation to your parents
Even if uncle and aunt are sick
Zhao Min never took out a penny
Even my uncle's government
Taken away by the government
And according to the survey
A few years ago
Zhao Min and Wang Wang hooked up together
Conspiracy
You are full of sin and filth from the inside out
Give them a complete rest
Yes I said
Don't you dare